---
title: Document History
sidebar_position: 8
hide_title: true
custom_edit_url: null
---
## Document History

### Search Documents

Go to: ***History \--\> ExFlow Search Documents***

ExFlow Search Documents can be used for searching documents for
different criteria within ExFlow. Read more about how to use this
function under section Search Documents.

![ExFlow Search Documents](@site/static/img/media/image312.png)

### Approval Status History

Go to: ***ExFlow History \--\> ExFlow Approval Status History***

Function to show ExFlow Approval Status History for posted documents,
finalized orders and quotes. Find related information/documents to a
specific document, both the "Posted Invoice or Posted Credit Memo" Card
and the "Ex Doc Card". It is also possible to find the related OCR
import information for the document or filter on "Approval Group".

For posted invoices and credit memos, it is possible to see "Remaining Amount" from Vendor Ledger Entries directly in ExFlow Approval Status History. This means that it is possible to see if the document is paid or not.

![ExFlow Approval Status History - Remaining Amount](@site/static/img/media/image313.png)

ExFlow Approval Status History also contains finalized Purchase Orders
and Quotes. A finalized quote is a quote transformed into an order. A
finalized order is an order approved, invoiced, and removed. Read more
under section **ExFlow** **Order Status**.

![ExFlow Approval Status History](@site/static/img/media/image314.png)

#### Set Advanced Filter on a posted document

Use Approval Status History to find previously posted ExFlow documents.

![ExFlow Approval Status History](@site/static/img/media/image315.png)

Find specific documents either by using Search or by setting various
standard filters. To find previously posted documents based on either
Approver or Job, use the function Set Advanced Filter:

![ExFlow Approval Status History / Advanced Filter](@site/static/img/media/image316.png)

Select one or more Approver Group(s) and/or Job(s). Click OK, and the
list of documents will be filtered to only display invoices where the
selected job(s) appear on at least one invoice line and/or the selected
approver(s) appears in the approval flow for at least one invoice line.

In order to reset the Advanced Filter, select Related \--\> Approvers
\--\> Reset filter

#### Save Filter

In ExFlow Approval Status History it is possible to save filter.

Use Business Central Standard to set all filters. Click Save and name
the filter.

![ExFlow Approval Status History Filter Screenshot - ExFlow Approval Status](@site/static/img/media/image317.png)

![ExFlow Approval Status History Filter Screenshot - ExFlow Approval Status](@site/static/img/media/image318.png)

#### Read Comments from Approvers

When comments are added in Discussion Panel/Chat or on document line it
will be viewed in the same way as in Approval Status. Read more above.

### Imported Documents

Go to: ***ExFlow History \--\> ExFlow Imported Documents***

All interpretated and imported documents is shown in ExFlow Imported
Documents.

When the document is still in Import Journal, there is no document
created yet and Document Type will show as Quote.

![ExFlow Imported Documents](@site/static/img/media/image319.png)

If a User deletes an imported document, interpretated data can be found
here marked as Deleted together with Deleted by User and Deleted at Date
Time.

![ExFlow Imported Documents](@site/static/img/media/image320.png)

To show interpretated lines open Card.

Go to: ***Related \--\> Line \--\> Card***

![ExFlow Imported Documents](@site/static/img/media/image321.png)

### Chat Notification History

Go to: ***ExFlow History \--\> ExFlow Chat Notification History***

An ExFlow User can view ExFlow Chat Notifications the user has been
tagged in for the last 90 days.

Read more under the section Discussion Panel / Chat.

### Deleted Documents

Go to: ***ExFlow History \--\> ExFlow Deleted Documents***

If a document is created in ExFlow but not yet posted, it is possible to
delete the document. In that case document will be saved and can be
found in ExFlow Deleted Documents.

And if a Purchase Invoice or Purchase Credit Memo is unticked for
Approval, the ExFlow Document will be removed, and information will be
saved in ExFlow Deleted Documents.

![ExFlow Deleted Documents](@site/static/img/media/image322.png)
